# Call for Programmers

## Freedom Dreaming: A Call to Imagine

How do we transcend cynicism to embrace hope and love in our politics during these tough times? How do we help a new generation of organizers consider not only what they are fighting against, but what they are fighting for?

The Freedom Dreaming project aims to serve as an online space for reflection and conception; a place where people can imagine the future without structural oppression and find the tools to take actionable steps toward that future. The project will have two main components; a website that serves as a resource library and platform offering a public, supportive and creative environment that envisions the concept of “Freedom Dreaming” and a social media campaign (primarily using Twitter and Instagram) that will serve as a tool to engage wider audiences and generate content surrounding the concept of “Freedom Dreaming” in the most efficient and accessible way.  The website will host a resource library offering a selection of texts written by radical thinkers, links to New York City-based organizations, and other online resources pertinent to the concept of Freedom Dreaming. A data input interface will play a central role on the website inviting people to submit their responses surrounding the concept of “Freedom Dreaming”, in form of text, image, sound or video (more media formats will be discussed as the project progresses). We envision that the interface will collect, sort, and archive data in meaningful and helpful ways. The online resource portion of the website will provide the tools necessary for the journey towards dreams of the future without oppression, including websites for further self-exploration, tools, and additional information. Through creating a social media campaign, the Freedom Dreaming project will invite users to share personal dreams of freedom and consider what their future would look like without structural oppression. We plan to collect, display and sort the data in a comprehensive manner, help elevate voices, and help create awareness by making the data easily accessible to all.

We are looking for programmers who are able to optimize our phase one website. It is currently running on WordPress, and we are looking to allow for visitors to fill out our short sentence/form "I, (name) imagine freedom as (dream)" and commit it to our website. It would then be stored in our database, and hopefully enter a rotation of featured visitor's dreams on the main page when people visit our home page.

Contingency: We are looking to showcase the beta of our project in mid-May, so there is a time crunch.